React hello world (#2)
systemjs/systemjs-examples: systemjs/react-hello-world/README.md

# react-hello-world

The react-hello-world example demonstrates the following:

- Loading React and ReactDOM from a CDN. This is accomplished with an import map and allows for multiple modules to share the same React instance.

> - Using [Babel CLI](https://babeljs.io/docs/en/babel-cli) to compile a file to [System.register format](https://github.com/systemjs/systemjs/blob/master/docs/system-register.md). This is done with the [`@babel/plugin-transform-modules-systemjs`](https://babeljs.io/docs/en/babel-plugin-transform-modules-systemjs) plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Using [Babel CLI](https://babeljs.io/docs/en/babel-cli) to compile all modules in the `src` directory into the `dist` directory using the [System.register format](https://github.com/systemjs/systemjs/blob/master/docs/system-register.md). This is done with the [`@babel/plugin-transform-modules-systemjs`](https://babeljs.io/docs/en/babel-plugin-transform-modules-systemjs) plugin.
```

- Loading javascript modules with `<script type="systemjs-module" src="./path-to-file.js">`.

> This example shows foundational principles, but is not a comprehensive starter kit for SystemJS and React.

Reviewer: In due course, we should probably have a "next steps" section for each providing some branching off points. Eg for this we might want to link to a more comprehensive React example, as well as a Babel with optimization via Webpack or Rollup example.

Author: Agreed 👍
